docs(website): Added solutions to common problems. (#14473)
taikoxyz/taiko-mono: packages/website/pages/docs/reference/node-troubleshooting.mdx

### Node error logs

#### `error: "Process new L1 blocks error"`

> You can ignore it, it will disappear when it's full sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can ignore it, it will disappear when the node is fully synced.
```
